---
title: Introduction
description: Manage your Nuxt Content frontmatter seamlessly with Google Sheets Import.
navigation:
  icon: i-lucide-house
seo:
  title: Introduction
  description: Discover how to manage your Nuxt Content frontmatter seamlessly with Google Sheets Import.
---

Welcome to **Google Sheets Import**, a Nuxt module to help you you bulk edit frontmatter in Nuxt Content using Google Sheets.

## Why Google Sheets Import?

### Bulk edit content

There are several ways to manage and edit frontmatter in a Nuxt Content project, but user-focused options such as those offered by Nuxt Studio involve individual manual edits, which can be time-consuming and error-prone.

In-app bulk editing is relatively straightforward for those with the specialised skills. E.g. manipulation of an IDE search & replace function or creation of bespoke user-facing editing tools.

### Create project pages from existing data

Initial setting up of multiple pages or data records can be particularly tedious, especially when creating catalogues, inventories, or other structured content.

Spreadsheets are familiar to most clients and relevant data can often be imported into Google Sheets ready for cleaning, transformation, and normalisation.

### Collaborate across the whole team

Team members without developer experience but who have domain-specific knowledge of the data being used are able to contribute more meaningfully.

For example, developers, product managers and clients can work together to best understand how each attribute of a product should be defined, constrained and reused for maximum effect.

## How it works

### Create a schema

Nuxt Content already requires that each page or data collection is defined using Zod schemas. These provide a clear structure for content frontmatter and define the mapping between the files in the content collection and the column headings in the Google Sheet.

### Import and create content files

Once the data has been created, adapted and manipulated and the Google Sheet is ready, content is imported and written to `.md`, `.json` or `.yml` files.

### Bulk edit existing data

When existing files require bulk editing of frontmatter data, they can be exported. After being pasted or uploaded into Google Sheets, the spreadsheets can then be reimported. In `.md` files this can be done without losing any markdown.
